add version blocks (#9689)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/community-adapters.md

> Refer to the following table for the available community adapters and their respective adapter setup guide:

Reviewer: Hey @mirnawong1 , I think we should also add this line under the VersionBlock for 1.99. When the user is on v2 it looks a bit confusing because this sentence has no table underneath:

<img width="862" height="178" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0473a2a6-1e12-4cbe-a4b6-4f65cbf8d651" />

<VersionBlock firstVersion="2.0">

> In dbt Core 2.0, [DuckDB](/docs/local/connect-data-platform/duckdb-setup) is available as a community adapter. There are also several trusted adapters available: Apache Spark, BigQuery, Databricks, DuckDB, Redshift, Snowflake. For the full list, refer to [trusted adapters](/docs/trusted-adapters?version=2.0).

Reviewer: Please revert to v2.0 if using v2 is incorrect:
```suggestion
In v2, [DuckDB](/docs/local/connect-data-platform/duckdb-setup) is available as a community adapter. There are also several trusted adapters available: Apache Spark, BigQuery, Databricks, DuckDB, Redshift, Snowflake. For the full list, refer to [trusted adapters](/docs/trusted-adapters?version=2.0).
```

> If you'd like to contribute a community adapter for dbt Core 2.0, refer to [creating a Fusion adapter](/guides/adapter-creation-v2?step=1).

Reviewer: Not 100% sure if we should use v2 or v2.0 -- please revert if using v2 is incorrect:
```suggestion
If you'd like to contribute a community adapter for v2, refer to [creating a Fusion adapter](/guides/adapter-creation-v2?step=1).
```
